Update URLs from `www.terraform.io` to `developer.hashicorp.com` (#36792)
hashicorp/terraform: README.md

## Getting Started & Documentation

Documentation is available on the [Terraform website](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform):

- [Introduction](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/intro)
- [Documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/docs)

If you're new to Terraform and want to get started creating infrastructure, please check out our [Getting Started guides](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform#getting-started) on HashiCorp's learning platform. There are also [additional guides](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform#operations-and-development) to continue your learning.

Show off your Terraform knowledge by passing a certification exam. Visit the [certification page](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/) for information about exams and find [study materials](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/certification/terraform-associate) on HashiCorp's learning platform.

## Developing Terraform

> This repository contains only Terraform core, which includes the command line interface and the main graph engine. Providers are implemented as plugins, and Terraform can automatically download providers that are published on [the Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io). HashiCorp develops some providers, and others are developed by other organizations. For more information, see [Plugin development](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin).

Reviewer: Small nit, but we like to use "refer to" because it's more accurate for those using screen readers:
```suggestion
This repository contains only Terraform core, which includes the command line interface and the main graph engine. Providers are implemented as plugins, and Terraform can automatically download providers that are published on [the Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io). HashiCorp develops some providers, and others are developed by other organizations. For more information, refer to [Plugin development](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin).
```
